A lot of people are doubtful when it comes to
apply the blush
But today I'll be there for you.
technique that will make your snack last
All day to learn is just
keep watching I like to start
applying a liquid or cream blush
before applying the potential that I
I'm going to use today is a little note from bm f
that it is a product that serves both
for the lips as well as for the cheeks
to apply it I'm going to use it 55
is a tiny fiber brush.
sigma and I'll give a brushstroke of
product on my cheek
okay to see better and I'll spread it well
quickly with the brush
he left supernatural rosadinho
done that I will use my name there I
there is a finish on the mac light color for
seat and blush
I'll get my brush a little bit
of blush that f30 of sigma and I will apply
on top of the blush
now I'll apply the powder blush on
on top of all that blush I'm going to wear
It is one of my favorites that is the love of
nars is a pink morning snack that stays
Beautiful to my redhead, I'll get the
My brush will take away the excess because
This blush is super pigmented and I go
tapping my cheeks
I always like to start applying
This part said that when people
smile up, look at this line of ours
of the face here and I always like to pull
This blue chip the ear because I think
who swerves his face and gives a
very rich face
so come on
after applying the blush when you
I thought the blush got very strong.
you can use a teaching to take the
always over with
arriving and then settling him with
A little bit better, I'm going to use my
mineralize from the nec again on top of that
and there throughout the day as the
people leaving blue chips still it goes
always revealing the bottom layer that is
another blush
so apply the blush at 8 o'clock
and eight o'clock at night when I arrive
At home I still have blush without
need to apply is very magic
next week i'll teach you
how to apply the liquid illuminator and
powder until then